DIALOGUE 1
M: Uhm… to take care of the tortoise you will have to feed him and make sure he is okay. 
T: Oh, that’s it? (...) What do I feed?
M: Uh… you should feed him, uhm, greens, um, and by that I mean, um, the stuff that’s in the fridge, prepared for him, which includes, um, grass and a lot of what people consider weeds. 
T: When do I feed him?
M: You should feed him in the morning. And make sure there are no leftovers from the day before. (...) And that his bowls are clean. 
T: How do I clean the bowls?
M: Ahh… You shouldn’t use any scented detergent or anything that might cause irritation, so just water… and maybe, like, pure soap… and there is a brush to scrub them. (...) Oh and you should… either give him calcium or pellets, depending on the day.
T: What day?
M: Oh, calcium just on Mondays and the rest of the days it’s pellets.
T: Where is… uh, these things?
M: Ah, they are on the shelf under the terrarium. Pellets are in a, uh, kind of a plastic jar, I don’t know how to describe it, and the calcium is in a… kind of a ziploc bag, yeah, so. You should just sprinkle that, and the pellets it's also not much.
T: How much do I feed him?
M: Oh, it’s a matter of getting the feel for it (chuckle). Kind of a handful, but not like a huge handful. Uhm, it’s a couple of big leaves, a couple of small leaves, make sure it’s a variety of foods that have been picked for him, not just one kind of. Uhm, and you’ll see, like, the day after if he’s eaten everything it means he can get more… the next day.  
T: (silent)
M: You might also need to give him a bath every once in a while. 
T: How is he bathed?
M: Uhm, (cough), he has a big bathing bowl which is also on that shelf under his terrarium. Uhm, so on… I think it’s Sat--turday, uhm, he usually gets water in that instead of his water dish, uhm, it’s a pretty heavy bowl so gotta be careful with that, uhm, and because he muddies it up with the soil from his enclosure, uhm, I usually follow it up with a bath in a plastic container that’s in the bathroom. So, like, lukewarm water, uhm, let him stay there for 10 minutes-
T: How much water?
M: Oh, that’s a very good question! Uhm… like… 2-3cm in that plastic container, you can see once you put him in, um, he shouldn’t need to, um, have to put a lot of effort into keeping his head above the water. (...) If he is struggling with it, it means it is too much. 
T: How long does he bathe?
M: Uh, it was, like I said, around 10 minutes. You can take that time to like, clean out the, uh, his bathtub… the one that was in the terrarium. 
T: (silent)
M: Is there anything else that, uh, you want to know about how to take care?
T: No.
M: Okay! 
